Cliff Notes-style Summary of News Headlines:

Vivek Ramaswamy is ditching Trump’s ‘DOGE’ commission led by Elon Musk. The best states to raise a family "have a balance of affordability, safety, quality education," expert says. Here are the top 10 Trump inauguration: Tech CEOs like Musk, Bezos and Zuckerberg score better seats than some incoming cabinet members. Stanford psychologist: This is a good time to start thinking about selling Apple's stock. It's a great time to think about selling the U.S. dollar. Dow futures rise 150 points on Trump inauguration day with regular trading closed. Dow futures surge and dollar slides as Trump may not levy tariffs on Day 1. Forget the ‘Magnificent 7’ stocks have soared since Trump’s election. Employers in these 4 industries are hiring 'like crazy,' says recruiting expert of 20 years. Trump inherits a $1.6 trillion student-loan crisis. What he does next will determine his success or failure as a president. New York City will be the hottest U.S. housing market in 2025, Zillow says. These hedge-fund legends collectively beat their peers. But a simple model beat them. The U.s. economy is in a ‘sweet spot’. But markets may be getting one thing wrong, says Goldman Sachs. The biggest career goal for people in their 20s and 30s—and how to achieve it, from a boss who's managed 100 people.  impact millions of borrowers. Trump Coin crashes and recovers after Melania Coin launch. What’s next, for his family and the industry. ‘I’m worried about a recession once Trump takes office’: I'm 62, own two homes and earn $50,000 a year. What should I do? Cash is king, says under-fire AMC chief executive after equity raise. Former Kanye West home and architectural gem bought by investors survives California fires. TikTok is now back after shutting down. Investors still needs to price in as Trump returns to White House. Netflix’s streaming lead is intact ahead of earnings. Analysts say to expect  price increases this year. This fast-growing skill can make as much as $179 per hour, according to Upwork: You 'have to have a good dose of empathy' Biden touted student-debt cancellation for 5 million borrowers. Is the stock market open tomorro? We'll have to wait to find out. W. w? Here’s what to know for Inauguration Day and MLK Day. TikTok warns users of ‘temporary ban’ in the US. Solana surges 12% on launch of Trump-themed memecoin, ether falls. Trump launches surprise meme coin just before inauguration and price soars. Al Roker will sometimes ditch a car and take public transit just to get more steps in. Walking 'probably helped save my life,' Roker says. Are your favorite TikTokers going away? Here’s what they say they’ll do if the platform is banned. Mark Cuban: I was out of work and broke when I started the business that made me a millionaire—'if you've got nothing, it's the perfect time' Mark Cuban says he plans to donate half his net worth: 'The American Dream isn't just about getting rich' 'If you're not a millionaire, you're a loser,' says Mark Cuban. S&P 500 now up in 2025 after broadening rally ahead of Trump inauguration. Est level in nearly 8 months. So why are some people refinancing? Stock-market rally depends on answer to this ‘real question’ about bond yields. ‘I trust that my husband isn’t a gold digger’: I’m inheriting millions of dollars. Should I share it? BYD launches Sealion 7 EV in India, deliveries to begin in March. Vietnam’s VinFast to roll out two cars in 2025 in India. S.A. s turnaround plan under new CEO now likely includes job cuts. Cramer's week ahead: Inauguration, earnings from Procter & Gamble and American Express. Elon Musk once called his questions ‘boneheaded.’ What Wall Street is losing as this clear-eyed analyst retires. T-bill supply will turn negative soon without a U.S. debt-limit deal, analyst says. It starts with Red No. 3. These are the dyes and food additives that could be banned next. A final look at how the U.S. stock market has performed under Joe Biden. How the hot EV market left middle-income Americans out in the cold. Oil traders make big bets on Trump policies. The path for prices isn’t so clear. Why the stock market turned around this week — plus, the portfolio winners and losers.. Capital One lawsuit reveals how bank customers can get smart and get their money’s worth. Tesla’S stock is surging ahead of the inauguration. With XRP near highs ahead of Trump inauguration, can bitcoin crack a new record? Hopes are high that home builders will fix America’s housing crisis. But the data tell a different story. Trump is a ‘wild card’ for the stock market, this trader says. The future of TikTok is cloudy, but Jim Cramer's advice for investors isn't. Sam Altman posts letter from senators to Elon Musk about SpaceX's Starship rocket. The SpaceX rocket was grounded after an explosion on Turks and Caicos. The Biden economy: Just how good was it? Here’s the highs and lows of the 46th president. Why the increase in child-care costs comes at a bad time for many parents. Unrivaled women's basketball league debuts Friday. Here's everything we know about it. Intel’S stock is rising on takeover hopes. But does any buyer really make sense? Trump set to break the all-time federal debt record amid inflation battle. We're buying more of an underappreciated stock. BofA says to avoid Southwest and JetBlue. Jim Cramer says don't worry about falling CrowdStrike — and buy this evolving stock. David Solomon gets $80 million bonus after facing doubts in 2023. Supreme Court upholds law that could ban TikTok. Here’s why the app probably won’t go away s.  and downgrading another that has broken out. How President Trump and the dollar might affect your investment portfolio. And how to use the dollar to your advantage. U.S. economy poised to lead the global pack in 2025, IMF says. Now he says stocks can fall as much as 40%. JPMorgan Chase is the best performer among U.S.-based banks. It's a good time to be a JPMorgan Chase employee, says the bank's chief executive. It is a great time to work for JPMorgan Chase, says CEO Jamie Dimon. It’s also a bad time to own JPMorgan Chase employees, he says. The bank is one of the best performing banks in the United States. Two Wall Street bank CEOs remain cautious on the economy. A stock market sell signal’s been turned off. When a spouse dies, there can be a ‘tax explosio’ for investors. Boomers are good for business: The ‘longevity economy’ is the new gold rush. The market’S more sober. For investors, the sell signal is off. For the public, it’ll be ‘barely a bump in the road’ Bundesbank becomes latest German institution to leave Elon Musk’s X German stocks are quietly rallying. Morgan Stanley recommends 5-year note based on this contrarian call. The U.K. again delays key banking rule, saying it will wait for U.S. to de- de. n’ for the one left behind. The bull market faces a Trump ‘reality check’ next week, says this strategist. Here’t the trade to make. Europe's GRANOLAs offer a lesson for U.S. investors, says Goldman. ‘He’s twice mentioned divorce’: My new husband told me he will have $500K for retirement, but he's actually $80K in debt. Former ‘Today’ host Hoda Kotb starts her new life as suburban mom in $2.9 million home. Nintendo stock sees its worst drop in three months. The Great British bond sell-off is ending for the wo. U.S. yields are following. rst possible reason. South Korean President Yoon remains in detention for time being. These tips for investing in mutual funds and ETFs can help your portfolio go further. The best way to make money from mutual funds is to invest in exchange-traded funds (ETFs) The best place to start is with a low-cost index fund, such as the FTSE 100, which has a 1.7% yield. The worst place is with an index fund with a high-cost of funds (such as the S&P 500), which has 1.8%.